what's up YouTube this should boy a bad
man here with the GS drone review today
we're gonna do some watching man sticks
this is the big fir Tom Allgood series
okay I liked it a lot of head to stick
for about two years great variability
haven't broken yet I'm using them online
and everything not only for practice
sessions but the performances also they
feel really good on hand breakdown you
know don't have a hollow feel like some
other sticks and I play win and this tip
right here it's a little bit different
it's a little bit longer than say your
DC 17 GPC 50ms by was any other other
big print early except for the Johnny
Lee lands but they got a different tip
than this I'll compare this tip right
here so say some of your innovative
percussion sticks marching band sticks
they're good to I'll play one tomorrow
play with a lot of sticks but this is
one of my favorite right here
Tom Tom off is a victory so I'm about to
play a lick right quick I got this leak
from North Carolina Central University
it was a snare opener for 2011 for the
Rocky Mount
German competition show and this is all
by ear this is just my interpretation of
it you know so here goes
all right and the next look I'm gonna
play for you guys this all look I made
up myself personally for the drum line
alignment grooves why that's one of the
GS and blue squadron and G in general
uses for it we're a high step band
traditional style we have a blue we have
our Styles different from VC ayaka's
like you know how they play a bunch of
more technical stuff we get technical
too but in a different way you know so
we'd like to do a lot of flashy things
but we can also chop it up with the best
of them you know so this right here so I
made up yeah I also tell you about my
plan tell me if I got if you see
anything that I can improve on I'm
always ready to get better take
criticism well yeah but comment rate
subscribe and route GS drum review me
out